Docs/products structure (#10045)
opencv/cvat: site/content/en/docs/administration/enterprise/docker.md

   EOF
   ```
1. Verify that the Docker login command succeeds by running the following command:

   ```bash
   aws ecr get-login-password --region eu-west-1 --profile CvatEnterpriseCustomer | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin <MUST BE PROVIDED BY CVAT TEAM>
   ```
### How to configure the environment in case AWS EC2 instance

1. Create an IAM instance profile for Amazon EC2 instance with the following see this <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/userguide/getting-started-create-iam-instance-profile.html" target="_blank">guide</a> for additional details.

   - Trusted entities:

   ```json
      {
   "Version": "2012-10-17",
     "Statement": [
       {
         "Sid": "Statement1",
         "Effect": "Allow",
         "Principal": {
           "Service": "ec2.amazonaws.com"
         },
         "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
       }
     ]
   }
   ```
   - Policy

   ```json
   {
     "Version": "2012-10-17",
     "Statement": [
       {
         "Sid": "AllowToAssumeCrossAccountRole",
         "Effect": "Allow",
         "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
         "Resource": "<MUST BE PROVIDED BY CVAT TEAM>"
       }
     ]
   }
   ```

> 1. Provide CVAT team role arn (arn:aws:iam::221082170770:role/CvatEnterpriseCustomer) to provide access to the CVAT ECR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Provide CVAT team role arn (arn:aws:iam::123456789000:role/AnyPreferableRoleName) to provide access to the CVAT ECR.
```

   aws_secret_access_key = <MUST BE PROVIDED BY CVAT TEAM>

   EOF
   ```
1. Verify that the Docker login command succeeds by running the following command:

   ```bash
   aws ecr get-login-password --region eu-west-1 --profile CvatEnterpriseCustomer | docker login --username AWS --password-stdin 443536374637.dkr.ecr.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com
   ```
### How to configure the environment in case AWS EC2 instance

1. Create an IAM instance profile for Amazon EC2 instance with the following see this <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/userguide/getting-started-create-iam-instance-profile.html" target="_blank">guide</a> for additional details.

   - Trusted entities:

   ```json
      {
   "Version": "2012-10-17",
     "Statement": [
       {
         "Sid": "Statement1",
         "Effect": "Allow",
         "Principal": {
           "Service": "ec2.amazonaws.com"
         },
         "Action": "sts:AssumeRole"
       }
     ]
   }
   ```
   - Policy

   ```json
   {
     "Version": "2012-10-17",
     "Statement": [
       {
         "Sid": "AllowToAssumeCrossAccountRole",
         "Effect": "Allow",
         "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",

>          "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::443536374637:role/   CvatEnterpriseCustomerRole"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         "Resource": "<MUST BE PROVIDED BY CVAT TEAM>"
```
